Allow URIs for Security Schemes (#4388)
OAI/OpenAPI-Specification: src/oas.md

#### Security Requirement Object

Lists the required security schemes to execute this operation.

The name used for each property MUST either correspond to a security scheme declared in the [Security Schemes](#security-scheme-object) under the [Components Object](#components-object), or be the URI of a Security Scheme Object.

> Property names that match the syntax of a component name under the Components Object MUST be treated as a component name.

Reviewer: I'd prefer
```suggestion
Property names that are the name of a security scheme declared under the Components Object MUST be treated as a component name.
```
"Match the syntax" can be misunderstood as match the regular expression `^[a-zA-Z0-9\.\-_]+$` irrespective of the existence of a security scheme with that name.

##### Patterned Fields

| Field Pattern | Type | Description |
| --- | :---: | --- |

> | <a name="securityRequirementsName"></a>{name} | [`string`] | Each name or URI MUST correspond to a security scheme as described above. If the security scheme is of type `"oauth2"` or `"openIdConnect"`, then the value is a list of scope names required for the execution, and the list MAY be empty if authorization does not require a specified scope. For other security scheme types, the array MAY contain a list of role names which are required for the execution, but are not otherwise defined or exchanged in-band. |

Reviewer: Why change the anchor name? The dash style is consistent with other anchor names for fixed fields.

Author: @ralfhandl it was unintentional, thanks for catching.  This  was ported from a much earlier PR against the old v3.2.0-dev branch.  I'll check to maker sure there's nothing else ported wrong and then update.
